Added info about mview (#4683)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/indexing.md

For example part of `Magento/Catalog/etc/mview.xml` is tracking category to product relation described in the following record:
```xml
<!-- ... -->
    <view id="catalog_category_product" class="Magento\Catalog\Model\Indexer\Category\Product" group="indexer">
        <subscriptions>
            <table name="catalog_category_entity" entity_column="entity_id" />
            <table name="catalog_category_entity_int" entity_column="entity_id" />
        </subscriptions>
    </view>
<!-- ... -->
```

Explanation of nodes:
* The `view` node defines an indexer. The `id` attribute is a name of the indexer table, the `class` attribute is indexer executor, the `group` attribute defines
the indexer group. 
* The `subscriptions` node is a list of tables for tracking changes.
* The `table` node defines the certain table to observe and track changes. The attribute `name` is a name of an observable table, the attribute `entity_column` is an identifier column of entity to be re-indexed. So, in case of `catalog_category_product`, whenever one or more categories is saved, updated or deleted in `catalog_category_entity` the method

> execute of `Magento\Catalog\Model\Indexer\Category\Product` will be called with argument `ids` containing ids of entities from column defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `execute` method of `Magento\Catalog\Model\Indexer\Category\Product` will be called with argument `ids` containing ids of entities from column defined
```

> under `entity_column` attribute. If indexer type is set to Update on Save the method being called right away after the operation if it set to Update by Schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
under `entity_column` attribute. If indexer type is set to "Update on Save", the method is called right away after the operation. If it's set to "Update by Schedule"...
```

the mechanism creates a record in the change log table using MYSQL triggers.

A change log table is created according to the naming rule - INDEXER_TABLE_NAME + '_cl', in case of `catalog_category_product` it will be `catalog_category_product_cl`.
The table contains the `version_id` auto-increment column and `entity_id` column that contains identifiers of entities to be re-indexed.
For each `table` node the framework automatically creates MYSQL AFTER triggers for each possible event (INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE).

> For the table `catalog_category_entity` will be created triggers with the following statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the table `catalog_category_entity` triggers will be created with the following statements.
```

INSERT operation:
```mysql
BEGIN
    INSERT IGNORE INTO `catalog_category_product_cl` (`entity_id`) VALUES (NEW.`entity_id`);
END
```

UPDATE operation:
```mysql
BEGIN
    IF (NEW.`entity_id` <=> OLD.`entity_id` 
        OR NEW.`attribute_set_id` <=> OLD.`attribute_set_id`
        OR NEW.`parent_id` <=> OLD.`parent_id` 
        OR NEW.`created_at` <=> OLD.`created_at`
        OR NEW.`path` <=> OLD.`path`
        OR NEW.`position` <=> OLD.`position`
        OR NEW.`level` <=> OLD.`level`
        OR NEW.`children_count` <=> OLD.`children_count`) 
            THEN INSERT IGNORE INTO `catalog_category_product_cl` (`entity_id`) VALUES (NEW.`entity_id`);
    END IF;
END

```

DELETE operation:
```mysql
BEGIN
    INSERT IGNORE INTO `catalog_category_product_cl` (`entity_id`) VALUES (OLD.`entity_id`);
END

```

> The method `Magento\Framework\Mview\ViewInterface::update` responsible for handling records in the changelog. The method is being called by CRON and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `Magento\Framework\Mview\ViewInterface::update` is responsible for handling records in the changelog. The method is being called by CRON and
```

> it defines ID's to be re-indexed from the change log by last applied `version_id` and call the method `execute` for each particular indexer with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it defines IDs to be re-indexed from the change log by last applied `version_id` and calls the `execute` method for each particular indexer with IDs as an argument
```
